So what type of questions you asked me about? Or New York Mets dominating?
The Dodgers is always available to talk about that's the 1986 Mets
2000 world Siris. In some ways, there is happy to talk about. Those
probably reached me offline for further comment on that over for
the tapes and recordings that you're going to see Click on Head. It's
really about challenges that you like face in the first sea duty
that field, too, uh, life at sea worship driver because I am sure on
it's based on my experiences there. You also can ask questions about
housing. You know, you move from base debates like these questions
in their cover. That and just a general illusion questions leadership
style questions because we know you've had that textbook at this
point, either. At O. C s war, CIA knows reading list. They want not
what? There's gonna be some questions that you can want one look on
on. Asked me about my responses